well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so we have some amazing news today some
news that's going to make every american
proud
everybody's going to be beaming with the
red white and blue
our president donald j trump
has been awarded the 2020 nobel prize
for his outstanding work at uniting this
country
in helping to bring peace and justice
and remove
the no of course not that didn't happen
i mean well i mean he might have won the
nobel prize
but the nobel peace prize that went to
the un's world food program
an organization established in 1961
with the lofty goal of
ending food insecurity and hunger
this year in particular they have been
tasked
pretty heavily they've operated in 88
countries
and assisted almost 100 million people
pretty cool stuff
overall their model is to move towards
sustainability
but they also have to deal with
immediate needs
this year in particular it was a little
more difficult
not just because of you know the whole
world public health thing that's going
on
but there were also a lot of conflicts
and conflicts do tend to
interrupt supply chains which increases
food insecurity aside from that
in some areas food hunger
gets used as a weapon and they attempt
to alleviate that
um they also
try to model themselves in
in a way that stops problems before it
starts
they want to create a a model in which
the areas are sustainable on their own
because in a lot of places
the food insecurity causes the conflict
or at least contributes to it it creates
the cycle because people are fighting
over resources
if they can create a sustainable way
in which everybody is being fed it
eliminates that
and in a way stops wars before they
start
seems pretty fitting for a peace prize
right
i know that there are criticisms of this
organization i have some myself
however i would point out it's a u.n
organization most of the criticisms
that are leveled leveled against it
are ideologically based yeah i mean they
work
primarily through governments it's the
u.n that's kind of what they do
you know um i don't think anybody can
take away
from their mission and how important
their mission is
and how effective they are at it um
yeah there there's always room for
improvement
but 100 million people got to eat
that's pretty amazing
aside from that i think one of the more
important things that we can take away
from
this organization in the united states
is
looking at them as a template for
a revamping of our foreign policy you
know moving more
towards being the world's emt than the
world's policemen
trying to alleviate the problems and
even better in their case if we follow
the model closely enough
maybe we can help solve problems before
anybody's calling 9-1-1 and that that
would
that would be ideal um
so that is the winner of this year's
peace prize
i know i shouldn't feel this way but
honestly i cannot wait to see how the
president responds because we all know
he was really hoping for this
felt very entitled to it
i'm not sure how he will find a way
to insult or disparage or attack
an organization that feeds a hundred
million people over twitter
um but i'm sure he'll surprise us
i know it'll be hard but i'm sure he'll
figure something out
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day